[impressed chuckle]
Larhart: I'll wager
even I might not be
a match for Hym
in his current form.
Come on. Don't be
so modest, Larhart.
In a one-on-one fight, you'd
still be able to take him on...
But in a battle like this,
you have to consider
every angle -
every strength and weakness.
For example:
you use your superior agility
to overcome your enemies,
and the type
of attacks you use
are all made up
of shocks and blasts.
Unlike Hym, you don't
fight with Aura skills.
I understand.
Although Hym may still
be inexperienced
when it comes to skill,
the sheer force of
his Aura is undeniable...
Also, it's Aura of Light
that he's wielding...
a power that hurts Mystvearn
more than anything
we could hope for.
They're... Exact opposites.
Hym: I'll be honest,
Mystvearn...
I almost feel a little bad,
having to knock you
around like this.
The Dark Army was crawling with
all sorts of annoying types,
but out of all of them,
you were the only one
who seemed to truly
respect Lord Hadlar.
Mystvearn: Hadlar?
It's impossible.
Are you telling me
that your newfound life
and Aura were a
dying gift from him?!
Seems like that's the case.
Don't get me wrong,
it's not as if I have a
logical way to explain it...
Hym: But something
inside tells me it's so.
I don't believe it.
Is Hym saying it was Hadlar's
will that brought him back?
Could it really be?
Something tells me
you're right, Little Hym!
Miracles don't
happen to bad guys.
You aren't in the
Dark Army anymore -
you're one of the
Beast King Commandos.
So, that's it -that's all!
Hym: Thanks for
believing in me, Captain.
Mystvearn:
Don't make me laugh!
A mere puppet like you,
claiming to be the
reincarnation of Hadlar?!
You've forgotten your place,
you arrogant little worm!
Now I, Mystvearn,
shall remind you of it.
It's time to
reduce you to scrap!
You can try, but don't count
on it working out for you.
Because damaging my Orichalcum
form like that is a feat...
that only one person in the
world is able to accomplish!
Who... Me?
[roaring]
Mystvearn: [struggling grunts]
Whoa...
That's the stuff, Little Hym!
Mystvearn [thought]: Curses!
This pawn... is
stronger than I thought.
At this rate, my usual
tactics won't do.
It's regrettable, but
I have no other choice.
I'll have to unleash
my true power.
Mystvearn: Your Majesty?
King Vearn!
My Dark King,
do you not hear me?
Forgive my intrusion -
the matter is urgent...
Mystvearn [thought]: No, no...
Something must be wrong.
He may be fighting Dai,
but I don't believe that King
Vearn could be so distracted
that he wouldn't answer
when I call to him.
Unless...
Is it... Is it
really possible that
Dai is mounting such
a tremendous assault?
Leona [thought]:
What's wrong, Dai? Get him!
Now's your chance.
Why are you hesitating?
Dai [thought]:
I don't get it.
Is he... Is the Dark
King Vearn really this weak?
Or maybe Leona's Kaglimmer
spell is impacting him...
No, it can't be.
It barely had any
affect on Hadlar,
and Vearn's way more powerful.
There's no way it
can be weakening him.
Then... Could I actually have
gotten that much stronger?
Vearn: So how does it feel?
To finally overwhelm an enemy
who once made a fool of you.
You look confused.
I thought you'd be satisfied.
Perhaps your strength
has grown so far
beyond your imagination that
you're beginning to question
whether it's really
me you're facing.
But mark these words:
very soon, it will make
you feel euphoric.
Feel... euphoric?
To drown in one's own power...
It sates a thirst that even
the most exquisite wine
in all the realms
fails to acknowledge.
Not that a child like
you would understand
the joys of a fine wine.
[snarling]
Watch out! He's on
the offensive!
Mystvearn: Without permission
to unveil the supreme power,
I must fight this fool with what
strength I have available...
And I will pour all of
my Dark Aura into this fist.
Here it comes...
Dark Aura Ultimate Hand!
Hym!
Look out! That's
concentrated Dark Aura -
it could be devastating.
He must be out of options!
Hey! Whatever you do,
don't let that Aura touch you.
You're gonna have to dodge it!
Mystvearn: Dodging is
out of the question...
Let's put your Orichalcum
to the test, shall we?
That idiot! He's gonna
take it head-on!
Little Hym - are you crazy?!
Wait!
Hyunckel: Look at his stance.
Mystvearn: [roaring]
[roaring]
[shocked gasp]
[stunned gasps]
Mystvearn: Just as I thought.
There's more than
one person who's able to
destroy your Orichalcum
form after all.
Mystvearn: Now, shatter!
I don't think so.
You see, even a mere pawn
can make a sacrifice.
If you want to
hear the truth...
The only reason you
got that arm is because
I let you take it, Mystvearn.
It lets me get close enough
to catch you off-guard.
That's right,
my final option...
is a surprise left-hook.
Aura Knuckle!
Mystvearn [thought]:
It... It can't be...
How could this insignificant
puppet defeat me?!
Impossible!
All right!
Little Hym! Way to go!
Sometimes, it takes great damage
to inflict a greater one.
And besides,
it's nothing that
a high-level Healing-type
spell can't fix.
Now, to finish him off...
I don't think
that's necessary.
After that blow, he's not
about to fight back.
What's important now...
is getting his mask off.
Hym: His mask?
Mystvearn [thought]: K-King
Vearn, please answer me...
[chuckling]
Leona [thought]:
This is bad...
It's like Dai's starting
to lose his initiative.
Vearn's strange confidence
must be throwing him off.
Dai [thought]:
I'm sure of it now.
It's not some kind of trick.
He's definitely fighting
at full strength here.
But if this is
really all he's got
when he's not holding back...
Then why is he so confident?
It doesn't make any sense.
Leona: Come on, Dai.
Just keep fighting!
You can win this
through inertia alone,
but only if you
don't let up on him.
Keep moving.
Stay aggressive!
Leona, He's about
to attack - get down!
Vearn: The power you wield
is irresistible, Dai.
I shall lift the mystic veil
and show you its potential...
while I still
have the chance!
Leona: Is that a fiery bird?
Kaiser Phoenix!
Dai [thought]: I've
seen this before...
I can stop it with
an Avan Strash!
[roaring]
Both: He's using
two attacks?!
Uh... What happened?
It looked like they
collided, but if they did,
shouldn't this place
be nothing but rubble?
Wait, where did Dai go?!
Dai...
So the mighty...
Dragon Knight prevails.
Even when I offered
my greatest attack...
I couldn't defeat him.
Yes, Dai!
Mystvearn [thought]:
King Vearn...
What's so important about
getting his mask off, huh?
You should know.
Mystvearn's true identity,
has been shrouded
in mystery for ages.
And I believe the reason
for that is somehow...
his identity must
be directly linked
with the Dark King's secret...
Let's see what
he's been hiding.
Wait. "The Dark
King's secret"?
When the Legion
Commanders used to convene,
Mystvearn never spoke.
I suspect the face
he hides, or his voice,
depending on who hears it, is
of great importance to Vearn.
And if I'm right, once we
remove that raiment,
we'll know exactly why that is.
Are you serious?
Just a hunch.
When I was in the Dark Army,
I became one of Vearn's
favorite servants.
I imagine, out of the
Six Legion Commanders,
It was me who
spent the most time
actually in the
Dark King's presence...
And Mystvearn was my teacher.
I spent hours with him
learning to wield Dark Aura.
Point is, I was
close to both of them.
If I can get a look at
Mystvearn's true form,
perhaps I'll see the
reason he's kept it hidden
for all of these years.
Then, if we can get
that information to Dai
while he's fighting Vearn...
I get it.
It could give him an advantage
and help him win the battle.
It's all the same to me.
Either way, this guy's
not putting up a fight...
We can finish him off
whenever we want.
If Hyunckel wants to see
what's under that raiment,
it's no big deal.
Crocodine [thought]:
"Raiment"...
Hym: Here we go...
No, wait!
Just a minute.
Popp: Take it easy, Big Guy.
What's wrong? What are
you yelling about?
I... I think unveiling what
he's hiding under that cowl...
could be incredibly dangerous.
What? What do you
mean, "dangerous"?
All I know is this:
"Do not remove
Mystvearn's Shadow Raiment."
Right before we came here from
the battlefield in Loroi Valley,
Lon Beruk told me that,
and he asked me to make sure the
message found its way to you.
Crocodine: His...
Shadow Raiment?
Lon Beruk: Yes, that's right.
Crocodine: What is that?
You mean his clothing?
The mask he wears
to hide his face?
Lon Beruk: Perhaps
both, or maybe neither.
I can only express what
I sensed in vague terms...
and yet I have no doubt.
There's something at work that's
suppressing the true nature...
of his power.
There's no other explanation
for how the two of us
were able to fight,
and stay evenly matched,
for as long as we did.
Just as I wasn't using the
full extent of my strength,
neither was he.
The battle only went on because
both of us were holding back.
Crocodine [thought]: It looked
fairly ferocious to me...
But at a certain point
I came to realize...
even if he wanted to
fight at full strength,
Mystvearn can't do it.
Clearly for a different
reason than mine...
There's more to the
specter than he lets on.
His parting words are proof:
"I imagine, if you fought me
using your full strength,
our battle wouldn't have
lasted nearly as long."
"'course, as
I'm sure you aware,
the same could
be said... for me."
Then... what
you're saying is,
Mystvearn is still
hiding his true power?
You sure he wasn't bluffing?
No. There's something there.
Don't do anything that would
force him to fight
with all his strength...
Lon Beruk: There's no
telling what will happen
when he removes that raiment.
Lon Beruk explained it as some
kind of energetic restraint
suppressing Mystvearn's
unfathomable power...
And whatever that is, it's
called his "Shadow Raiment".
So you really think
that this thing is his mask?
I'm not sure...
But when Hym used the
word "raiment" to describe it,
I remembered...
Is it worth the risk?
No... it sounds to me
like Lon Beruk meant,
if we get a chance
to defeat Mystvearn,
then we should take it
before he gets desperate,
and decides it's time
to reveal this true power.
Yes.
Larhart: These two make
a good point, Hyunckel.
Mystvearn...
has certainly proven himself
to be unfathomable...
And Lon Beruk is
the most highly regarded
craftsman in all
of the Underworld.
We'd do well to
heed his wisdom.
Isn't it possible that he
could be far closer to knowing
the Dark King and
Mystvearn's secret than you?
Hyunckel [thought]:
I suppose it is possible...
In any case, he's right.
We can't ignore a
warning from Lon Beruk.
Well? What are
we going with here?
Do you want me to show
you this guy's face,
or would you rather
just me finish him off?
Hyunckel, come on...
That must be Dai.
The final battle's
already started...
We'd better get
this over with.
Okay. Forget the mask.
Finish him so
we can catch up.
But what about his
true identity?
If Lon Beruk says
leave the mask on,
then who am I to argue?
Besides, we should get moving.
Dai could use our help.
Some questions are
better left unanswered.
Let's rid the world of
the last of the Dark Army.
Sure thing.
Hyunckel [thought]: Yes. That's
the right choice. It has to be.
Even though Mystvearn's
secret will be
obliterated along with him,
this must be done...
for the sake of our victory.
The desire to learn the
truth may only stem from
my personal feelings, anyway.
After all, he was my teacher,
even if the study was in evil.
Right now, victory comes first.
Hym: This is
farewell, Mystvearn...
Hope you rest in peace!
Mystvearn: Your Majesty...
King Vearn...
Forgive me!
Vearn: [pained snarl]
Leona [thought]: I've never
seen so much force.
That was definitely
Vearn's deciding attack...
And Dai managed
to survive it.
He even landed
a counterstrike.
But how did he pull it off?
When Vearn's
attacks collided,
the flash made it too
bright to see anything.
Truly unbelievable.
To dive headfirst into the
fire of my Kaiser Phoenix...
What?!
Vearn: And to conceive of
such a ploy in an instant...
Kaiser Phoenix!
Vearn: If you blocked
my Kaiser Phoenix,
my Staff of Edacity
would be free to strike.
If you blocked my staff,
you'd be consumed by
the Phoenix's flames.
Knowing that either way
would result in damage,
you decided to take your chances
and leapt into the fire.
A seemingly reckless move,
but inside the Phoenix...
is the only
position where one can
successfully take
me by surprise.
Exactly.
I knew no matter what I did,
it was gonna hurt...
so I chose the way where I
could at least hurt you back.
[pained groan]
Oh, Dai! Are you okay?!
Leona [thought]:
Of course he isn't.
He just got hit with the
Dark King's strongest spell.
A natural result.
You may have found
a way to strike me,
but you still took a direct
hit from my Kaiser Phoenix.
Most would have been
reduced to ash...
If you were unscathed,
it would scar my dignity.
One more attack should
finish you off.
You... won't get the chance!
Now it's... my turn...
to a-attack...
Before that blow I landed
on your shoulder
starts regenerating...
I'll have to use
my deciding attack.
This time, you're the one
who'll feel "a natural result."
In fact, I'm sure that
if I've thought this
next one out right...
It'll be the attack that ends
you, once and for all, Vearn.
[laughing]
Interesting!
Go ahead.
Let's see this attack.
Huh?!
Doruora?
Stubborn fool.
Have you already forgotten that
Doruora has no effect on me?
Dai: You're wrong.
This time, it will work!
Dai: I've seen the might
of my Dad's attack
and I know what it can do.
No defense is strong enough
to stop a Doruora spell.
Once it's been conjured, there
are only two ways to survive it.
Withstand it with
brute force, or dodge.
When you reappeared
after I thought I'd hit
you with the first one,
your clothes hadn't
taken any damage at all.
It's a powerful ability.
But Dark King or not, you
wouldn't get away unscathed.
Having said that, if you
dodged it with a Zoom spell,
you wouldn't have emerged from
under that rubble, either.
Dai: Which means the secret
to how you survived it...
can only be one thing...
the Staff of Edacity!
Vearn: Are you certain?
Not a bad hypothesis,
but what if you're wrong?
Casting a Doruora drains
massive amounts Magic Power...
I doubt you can do
it more than twice.
Your first attempt
already failed...
So who's to say I
won't counter again?
What will you do when
you've spent everything?
That's a risk that
I'll have to take.
Once I do this, I'll have
no more Magic Power.
I know that.
But I also know that
you're not gonna counter!
Take this... Doruora!
Vearn stopped the
Doruora with his staff!
I knew it!
Vearn: You're
very clever, Dai.
The blade in my staff is able
to fire a burst of energy
that can block any spell -
even one as fearsome as this.
Just as you hypothesized,
I survived your first
Doruora by deflecting
its effects using my staff.
All I have to do is
endure this, and I win!
Vearn: There. Got you!
Leona, now!
No!
Silver Feather!
Vearn: [pained yell]
Here comes another!
[roaring]
[snarling]
roaring]
[pained scream]
[defeated roar]
Narrator: The Dark King Vearn
vanishes in a brilliant flash,
consumed by the light
of Dai's second Doruora.
Soon the attack's aftershock
rumbles through
the White Garden,
where the others prepare
to regroup with their leader.
But before they can move out,
Mystvearn rises once again,
reaching for the raiment
that conceals his face
along with the devastating
fury of his true power...
So make sure not to
miss the next episode of
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"The Shadow Raiment."